This week I decided to homebrew my “new 3DS LL”!

Instead of using scratch this week, I received a Japanese version of the Nintendo 3DS xL. Because the 3Ds line is regionally lock I would have to use hack clients to unlock this feature. Region locking is when the company locks the console so that it will only read games that are from the region that the console resides in. In my case, it is from Japan so it will only display Japanese text and play Japanese games. The reason I got a Japanese 3Ds is because they are much cheaper there and tend to have been preserved better overall. 

I used to have a 3Ds when the “new” line of products released back in 2014. I was 8 at the time and played many games such as Rayman and Mario Bros. After a while, I started to drift from the console and took up new interests. In the end I sold the thing at a garage sale when I was 10 or so. 

Flip to today and I have got one in my hands. It still has the same metallic blue color and clicky buttons I remember. I was ready to go on this conversion, all I needed was to log into GitHub and Discord! 
 That’s right! I used GitHub and Discord to Homebrew my 3Ds! But before I start downloading software, I needed to grab a MicroSD card. I went to Walmart for this. They had a sandisk 64 GB for $10 so I picked that up. There is a website on GitHub called 3DS hacks, I used this for the main portion of the conversion. It was a step-by-step process first using a client called super skater hacks. This was to format the 3DS, so it was ready to except new software. I also installed boot9strap and the main GUI what was called GodMode 9. From here it was about following directions, I would put folders into the 3DS's SIM card, then export it from my PC and put it into the console which I would repeat multiple times. If I ever got stuck, this is where I would use Discord. There is such a massive community around hacking 3DS's and reviving older consoles. I had help almost 24 seven, fortunately this process only took me about half a day. After downloading the homebrew launcher through GodMode 9, it was time to region, unlock my 3DS. This also used more software's such as Luma. These would go into the 3DS software and unlock the region lock allowing it to play American titles. 

In all, this process was very eye-opening into what it takes to filter through code and understand how a system/GUI works. I learned a lot about my 3DS in the process. I hope for one day too code something that can scratch the even surface of the programs I used. 
