Auditory: 40%
Tactile: 20%
Visual: 40%
You are an Auditory and Visual learner! 
Auditory
As an auditory learner, you grasp information best through hearing. Remembering what you've heard, you find spoken instructions clearer than written ones. Reading aloud helps you learn, and you might hum or talk when bored. You absorb and understand spoken information effectively.
Here are some things that auditory learners like you can do to learn better.
Sit where you can hear.
Have your hearing checked on a regular basis.
Use flashcards to learn new words; read them out loud.
Read stories, assignments, or directions out loud.
Record yourself spelling words and then listen to the recording.
Have test questions read to you out loud.
Study new material by reading it out loud.
Remember that you need to hear things, not just see things, to learn well.
Visual
As a visual learner you grasp information through reading or visual aids and remember by sight. You prefer visual learning methods and are neat and clean. Visualizing concepts is natural for you, and you might close your eyes for recall. When bored, you seek visual stimuli but may struggle with spoken directions and get distracted by sounds. Richly visual content, including colorful imagery and vivid stories, attracts your attention.
Here are some things that visual learners like you can do to learn better:
Sit near the front of the classroom. (It won't mean you're the teacher's pet!)
Have your eyesight checked on a regular basis.
Use flashcards to learn new words.
Try to visualize things that you hear or things that are read to you.
Write down key words, ideas, or instructions.
Draw pictures to help explain new concepts and then explain the pictures.
Color code things.
Avoid distractions during study times.
Remember that you need to see things, not just hear things, to learn well.

This makes sense that I am a part Auditory and part Visual. I love to know more about both of these thing in my personal life. For example, I try to listen to new music all of the time. And with this new music, I like to better understand the artist who is creating this music. I like to read the lyrics and understand the story they are trying to tell the listener. I like to listen to new sounds, ones that I've never heard before and share them with others or enjoy them with others. 
I also love visuals! Movies, Video Games, Board Games, Comic Books. I love them all. I enjoy the process of bringing together a style or idea and making it a full fledged theme. Aswell, I love the intricacies of each medium and understanding the creator once again just like in music. 
But this makes learning and staying on task somewhat difficult for me. I tend to get caught up in the minusha that everyone has gone past and moves forward. Over my years of education I have learned to supress these tendencies and skipped over the details even if I really want to dive deeper. I also have figured out that I should use this intrest of mine for subjects that I adore. for example, I have a deep intrest in games and how they work. So by playing games, I am able to disect the designers style and the mechanics they use to create a dynamic and cohesive game.
